split mc version into subcommand pages (#923)
minio/docs: source/administration/object-management/object-retention.rst

        MinIO deployment.

      - Replace ``BUCKET`` with the 

>         :mc-cmd:`name <mc version enable ALIAS>` of the bucket to create.

Author: I'm unclear what `mc version enable ALIAS` has to do with creating a bucket, but this made the warning shut up.

Reviewer: Ah yeah this is just _wrong_. 

Should be

```suggestion
        :mc-cmd:`name <mc mb ALIAS>` of the bucket to create.
```

Author: changed along with `mc` vs `mc-cmd` fixup
